g'day guys today I'm going to show you
how to cook up some beautiful brats on
the barbecue and it's very easy you will
need of course some bratwurst sausages
now I made these a couple of days ago so
I'll put the link to that recipe in the
description bar of course you can buy
them from the store if you like some
nice crusty long rolls which I've cut in
half some chopped onion some chopped
bacon olive oil some good mustard use
your favorite here a bit of sauerkraut
to top it off and some beer now you can
use your light or your dark beers for
this both will work well so to get
started just heat a pan to a medium-high
heat add a bit of olive oil and just
lightly brown those sausages
then take off the sausages add in the
bacon
and the onion and just cook that for a
couple of minutes until the bacon Browns
and the onions go translucent then add
back in the sausages cover them with the
onion and bacon mix and pour in your
beer now let this cook for about 15
minutes or so on a light simmer until
that beer is evaporated just like that
guys now just give those sausages a
light sear over the coals and now it's
time to put together these sandwiches
just spread some mustard onto the bottom
of those rolls then add the bratwurst
followed by a good helping of that onion
and bacon mix don't forget the
sauerkraut now sauerkraut isn't
everyone's cup of tea but in this meal
it tastes awesome the flavors blend in
there so I highly recommend you add it
even if you're not big on sale kraut
then simply add your top buns and you're
done guys dig in
now these are awesome be sure to give
them a go drop me a comment below and
tell me your favorite technique for
cooking up sausages check out my other
videos and sub for regular updates
thanks for watching and I'll catch you
all next time